 https://codepen.io/HyRisk031/pen/NWboKpa?editors=1100
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? the correct use of html to reinforce the mean of content on a web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? structure a web page and its content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? special words used inside the opening tag to control the elements behavior.
    we put it in angle brackets.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It should be used once, and it's meant to be the biggest title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? class and id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? title 
    7. What is an id? id specifies a unique id for html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? just once
    10. What is a class? a selector to be more specific
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target=_
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? used for people who cant see screen.
    15. How do I reference an id? using #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section means the content is grouped and should appear as a entry in anoutline of a page. 
    div does not convey any meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? styling html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id can only be used once, class multipe
    it's meant to be more specific.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? period then class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 
    .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? ex: .div h1 //To be more specific. anything can be a parent or child, but body is the only thing that can be a parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    div {border:1px};
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? keeps track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? often 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin -u first-last
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, go back to cli then git clone command then cd command, git checkout-b first-name. do work, then git add . then git commit -m : notes. then push
    then remember branch name. pull request. go back to forked project. then click branch:master

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline does not force a new line, block does 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it overrides 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? margin
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default //
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? //
